README.md, before:

# Exposing a Large Language Model over Signal

This repository is for exposing a locally hosted Large Language Model over Signal. In this example, we use the Open Orca fine-tune of Mistral 7B using Ollama and expose a simple one-chat-at-a-time interface over Signal using `signal-cli`, with no advanced memory or context management.


## Getting Started

**TLDR:** Watch the video at **TBC**

1. Clone this repository by running `git clone https://github.com/DanMakingWithAI/Mistral-x-Signal.git` in your terminal.
2. Install the latest release of [signal-cli](https://github.com/AsamK/signal-cli) - unzip the latest `.tar.gz` into the same folder as this repository such that you'll have a `signal-cli/bin` folder containing the `signal-cli` executables
3. Install [Ollama](https://github.com/jmorganca/ollama) - on Windows you'll need to do this via WSL2
3. Configure the environment variables and set up your Signal account.
4. Run the `signal_mistral` script to start the service. This can be done by running `python signal_mistral.py` in your terminal.
5. Optionally, run at startup. On Windows you can use Task Scheduler to add `run_mistral_x_signal.bat` to run on user login - see video for explanation of options. On other platforms, use the usual patterns there to implement an equivalent to that file.

For detailed instructions, please refer to the video above.


## Donate

If you find this project useful, consider supporting the author and future development by [donating](https://ko-fi.com/DanMakingWithAI)

Commit message:

Update README.md with requirements step

README.md, after:

# Exposing a Large Language Model over Signal

This repository is for exposing a locally hosted Large Language Model over Signal. In this example, we use the Open Orca fine-tune of Mistral 7B using Ollama and expose a simple one-chat-at-a-time interface over Signal using `signal-cli`, with no advanced memory or context management.


## Getting Started

**TLDR:** Watch the video at **TBC**

1. Clone this repository by running `git clone https://github.com/DanMakingWithAI/Mistral-x-Signal.git` in your terminal.
2. Install the latest release of [signal-cli](https://github.com/AsamK/signal-cli) - unzip the latest `.tar.gz` into the same folder as this repository such that you'll have a `signal-cli/bin` folder containing the `signal-cli` executables
3. Install [Ollama](https://github.com/jmorganca/ollama) - on Windows you'll need to do this via WSL2
4. `pip install -r requirements.txt` - it's only `requests` and `python-dotenv`
5. Configure the environment variables and set up your Signal account.
6. Run the `signal_mistral` script to start the service. This can be done by running `python signal_mistral.py` in your terminal.
7. Optionally, run at startup. On Windows you can use Task Scheduler to add `run_mistral_x_signal.bat` to run on user login - see video for explanation of options. On other platforms, use the usual patterns there to implement an equivalent to that file.

For detailed instructions, please refer to the video above.


## Donate

If you find this project useful, consider supporting the author and future development by [donating](https://ko-fi.com/DanMakingWithAI)
